Update powershell-get-token.md (#1076)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/global-secure-access/scripts/powershell-get-token.md

ms.reviewer: sumi
---

# Get the Auth Token for registering your Microsoft Entra private network connector through Azure Marketplace or AWS Marketplace

> The PowerShell script helps you get the Auth Token for registering your Microsoft Entra private network connector through [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-US/marketplace/apps/microsoftcorporation1687208452115.entraprivatenetworkconnector?tab=overview) or [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-cgpbjiaphamuc). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PowerShell script helps you get the Auth Token for registering your Microsoft Entra private network connector through [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/microsoftcorporation1687208452115.entraprivatenetworkconnector?tab=overview) or [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-cgpbjiaphamuc). 
```

[!INCLUDE [quickstarts-free-trial-note](~/includes/azure-docs-pr/quickstarts-free-trial-note.md)]

[!INCLUDE [updated-for-az](~/includes/azure-docs-pr/updated-for-az.md)]

The sample requires the [Microsoft Graph Beta PowerShell module](/powershell/microsoftgraph/installation) 2.10 or newer.

> ## Important Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Important considerations
```

- Run the PowerShell script as an Administrator from an elevated PowerShell ISE.

> - Please don't run the script on a windows computer where the private network connector is already installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't run the script on a Windows computer where the private network connector is already installed. 
```

> - Make sure there in no C:\temp folder on the machine. If you have some files stored in C:\temp folder, please move those before running the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure there is no C:\temp folder on the machine. If you have some files stored in a C:\temp folder, move them before you run the script.
```

> - Once the script executes successfully, Access Token will available at C:\token.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the script runs successfully, the Access Token is available at C:\token.txt.
```
